

Topic 0:
 use 16155.0776 easy 13210.9937 recommend 2992.08948 simple 2218.26895 step 2099.03773
[ 2334 19535 35935 ... 36172 34708  9214]
How Many
42
It is fairly simple to use even for inexperienced users, it has simple step by step instructions for the novice
Have used this software for many years now with success. Relatively easy to follow step by step prompts make it easy to use.
TurgoTax is everything it claims too be. Very satisfied...........very easy to use, cannot understand why everyone does
not use this. For the "Simple Form" is so simple anyone can use it.

Del
Easy to use and directions were clear and easy to understand
Easy to follow and use. My taxes are simple since I don't have children, my own home or are in school. They walk you step by step through the process and its easy to follow so even if you have kids or a home it shouldn't be a problem.


Topic 1:
 year 12632.92153 way 2983.02149 available 934.1912 easily 909.18104 ease 851.94568
[ 5731  1854  1863 ... 17308 46033 27961]
How Many
42
Cheapest price I could find.  Better price than Costco. yada yada yada yada yada yada yada yada yada yada yada
I use TurboTax year after year, never fails to deliver results, the user interface improves year to year, great product I will buy it aging next year.
5th year in a row with turbo tax, I love the ease of the program and will continue to use you guys year after year!
always has been the best, tried block one year, it wouldn't import previous tax year info. yada yada yada yada
Yes there are still some minor bugs that undoubtedly will get fixed but this year's edition boasts the most perfect, elegant combination of interface simplicity, intuitiveness & functionality I have ever experienced in a Turbotax product. Note to Intuit - no more interface improvements needed - it's perfect! Just repeat next year & the year after, etc. please.


Topic 2:
 problems 2815.14103 having 1797.23825 far 1774.34482 info 1133.4928 try 1002.69012
[ 2115  8889  7706 ... 10975  2182  6764]
How Many
42
Usually, when I update software (especially if several years have gone by since my previous update), there are glitches that have to be fixed. So far, I have found no glitches, and a few problems that I had had with Quicken 2010 disappeared. This update seems to be an improvement--at least, so far.
I've just started to use the software, and setting it up was very easy using the wizard. So far I have had no problems and I am pleased with its performance.
I got tired of using Mint and decided to try Quicken for Mac and have been pleasantly surprised.  The programming is almost equal to the Windows version and far superior to Mint.
After reading the horrific reviews for months and not buying Quicken for Mac I finally decided to give it a try because Banktivity (formerly iBank) is so unbelievably bad, in every way (glitches, crashes, connectivity failures to bank, really bad support etc. etc).  I went with Banktivity because the reviews for Quicken were so awful;  but my experience with Quicken has shown they are unfounded.  I had no issues whatsoever with uploading Banktivity data to Quicken, no issues whatsoever with connectivity to bank, interface is great, reports are great, no crashes so far, and beats Banktivity hands down, 10 to 1.  If you are skeptical, then find a way to get Quicken for a trial period and compare the two and pick the one you like best.
I was concerned based on other reviews that there would be problems.  However, I've been using for 2 months and the programs is working without any hitches.


Topic 3:
 price 3233.80925 download 3188.18541 amazon 2659.60358 buy 2163.02007 purchase 1718.44587
[ 5437 23435  1687 ... 30432 35757 34446]
How Many
42
How to get an extra 10%

We love the opportunity to pass along great deals to our valued customers like you.

It's so easy and doesn't cost you a thing
Just use part of your federal refund to purchase an Amazon.com Gift Card, and we'll add an extra 10%
 - For example, an extra 10% turns $500 into $550
 - There are NO fees, and your gift card never expires

Just 3 simple steps to more buying power

First, choose how much to put on your Amazon.com Gift Card.
 - Choose your amount in increments of $100
 - We'll automatically give you an extra 10%
 - The remainder of your refund will be deposited to your bank account

Second, we'll email you your gift card claim code(s) within one to two business days after the money for your refund becomes available.

Third, (and most fun), shop at Amazon.com, and choose from millions of items storewide.

Still not convinced?
 - Your bank probably doesn't give you 10%, so why not get it here?
 - This is a gift from us, and the 10% bonus doesn't cost you a thing
 - You can find almost anything on Amazon.com

Take advantage of this great offer now! Once you e-file, this refund option will no longer be available to you.

Note: Terms and conditions apply to Amazon.com Gift Cards. Please see www.amazon.com/gc-legal for details.
This is the first time purchasing this item via internet and downloading vs. buying physical disc at store.  Absolutely love the add'l 10% refund bonus offer on the Amazon gift card...which I did for just a couple of hundred dollars of the total refund amount.  Bonus and gift card was sent via e-mail at the time the refund was issued by the IRS.  Will do so again next year if offered.
The savings varies but we have 3 employees and we will save $146.00 by buying this product from Amazon....worth the hassle for us. If you have more than 25 employees, it's cheaper to use Intuit. See the analysis below to decide what's best for your company. I do agree, it can be a pain to reinstall and put in the new key.

Intuit Payroll Cost Comparison to Amazon

Intuit
Regular Price $449.00 (20% disc available now) $359.20
Unlimited employees
$1.45 for direct deposit per month (Yearly Cost per Employee) $17.40

Amazon $216.91
First employee free to pay and direct deposit
Additonal employee $2.00 (includes dd) (Yearly Cost per Employee #2 on) $24.00

Breakeven Analysis
Intuit Software Cost $359.20
Amazon Software Cost Less 1st Employee Free $192.91
Initial Software Savings upon Amazon Purchase $166.29

Amazon Employee Cost $24.00
Intuit Employee Cost $17.40
Annual Intuit Savings per Employee $6.60

Number of employees needed to break even 25.19545455

If you have more than 25 employees you should purchase the payroll software from Intuit

I just got the product a day early and called Intuit support to transfer all my previous installation data and I was done in less than 10 minutes!  So happy!
The product is excellent, I just updated from 2008 ver. skipping one year.
I bought here because it includes the new unopened box and CD.I always buy from the lowest seller and reward them for driving the price down. I want to encourage the greedy sellers to lower their price. But only the True leader of the lowest price should get the sale. NOT the coward that matchs price.
A must have for people paying off student loan debt/interest!

Amazon Prime members got $10 off if you purchased early and 10% extra reward for each $100 Amazon gift card purchased. Buy it from Amazon, get at least $500($550 after bonus) in gift cards and the Tax software has paid for itself!


Topic 4:
 did 3662.36959 does 3433.58254 work 3054.18076 got 2123.49822 little 1987.03923
[ 4417  8887 11374 ... 16525 32750 31015]
How Many
42
I have had Quicken for financial purposes since I was a boy. I am 68 years old. Having just up-dated to the 2014 version, the product is so very similar to what I had from 2011 as to be pretty indistinguishable. Well, maybe the font is little big, but we all need to be flexible.

The upgrade involved migrating 74,567 transactions; would that make me near top of the list? The changeover took all of fifteen minutes or so. Now I realize in this day and age that might be unacceptable, but I got a little nap in and felt fit as a fiddle afterward.

Indeed, I was fearful of all these rumor mongers predicting the end of time, at least as far as my money was concerned. But it went fine, it really did. Perhaps I am just lucky or have a bit of patience. What chagrins me is this apparent mind numbing need to do your business while you are walking down the avenue or having dinner with a delightful woman. I recommend keeping your money matters to yourself, doing them in private, in your home, by yourself, preferably in your underwear. Let's face it, you are boring enough without "managing your finances" in front of or even in the presence of other people. Trust me, you are not that interesting.
I have had Quicken for financial purposes since I was a boy.  I am 68 years old.  Having just up-dated to the 2014 version, the product is so very similar to what I had from 2011 as to be pretty indistinguishable.  Well, maybe the font is little big, but we all need to be flexible.

The upgrade involved migrating 74,567 transactions; would that make me near top of the list?  The changeover took all of fifteen minutes or so.  Now I realize in this day and age that might be unacceptable, but I got a little nap in and felt fit as a fiddle afterward.

Indeed, I was fearful of all these rumor mongers predicting the end of time, at least as far as my money was concerned.  But it went fine, it really did.  Perhaps I am just lucky or have a bit of patience.  What chagrins me is this apparent mind numbing need to do your business while you are walking down the avenue or having dinner with a delightful woman.  I recommend keeping your money matters to yourself, doing them in private, in your home, by yourself, preferably in your undewear.  Let's face it, you are boring enough without "managing your finances" in front of or even in the presence of other people.  Trust me, you are not that interesting.

My advice: keep it simple stupid.
This was the easiest version yet!! I didn't have to sit and ponder what number to put where. I did make one error and the program took me right back to it and told me what to do. Job well done!!
A little bit of trouble downloading it, but eventually got it going and it did a good job.
Did my taxes, got my refund, little to no confusion.  It does what it is suppose to do.


Topic 5:
 great 8740.93094 love 3547.59236 fast 1237.28753 wish 892.74461 awesome 354.36561
[ 5776  5849  8887 ... 36824 29132 41630]
How Many
42
Not much you can add about QuickBooks, its excellence is well known.  Combine that with Amazon's great pricing and speedy delivery, it is great-great-great!
Love it and wish I could remember the name of the rep I chatted with, but she was fabulous and deserves a raise!!!!
Great Price, Great Communication, Fast Shipping, Super Seller!
Love this Item!
Thanks Again!
Awesome! Love it, fast and timeley delivery!
Awesome! Love it, fast and timeley delivery!


Topic 6:
 tax 17876.22788 turbo 8171.75263 state 4700.75121 return 3808.3223 turbotax 3164.69416
[26079  3641  5485 ...  4122  6581 35935]
How Many
42
There is a lot of confusion about this. The main distinction to note is that there is a difference between *preparing* a tax return and *e-filing* a tax return.

There is also a difference between *e-filing* a tax return and just *filing* a tax return using TurboTax : E-filing means the prepared tax return is submitted to the tax authority electronically. You can, if you wish, print the prepared tax return instead, put it in an envelope, and sent it to the tax authority by mail - this would be *filing* the tax return, as opposed to *e-filing*.

For the TurboTax Deluxe Fed + Efile + State 2013 software, you are paying for software which will enable you to *prepare* up to 5 Federal tax returns and and *prepare* up to 5 State tax returns for ONE state only.

When it comes to submitting the Federal tax returns, there is no e-filing fee - you can e-file up to 5 Federal tax returns electronically with this software, and there's no additional cost to do so. You can still print them out and mail them in if you wanted do, but I don't see why anyone would want to since e-filing the Federal tax returns is free, unless you have additional documentation the IRS require.

When it comes to submitting the State tax returns, you have two options:
(1) you can print out the prepared tax return, put it in an envelope, and mail it to your state tax authority, and the only cost would be the stamp to send it, OR
(2) you can *e-file* the prepared tax return via TurboTax, and there would be an e-filing fee of $19.95 per tax return to do so.
That's basically all there is to that.

There has also been comments about a $29.95 refund processing fee. I'll explain what I believe this fee is about. When you have finished preparing your state tax return and elect to e-file it for the $19.95 fee mentioned above, you have an option to pay that $19.95 fee online by credit card right there and then, or have it deducted from your state tax refund. If you pay by credit card right there and then, there should not be any return processing fee. If you instead elect to pay that $19.95 fee by having it deducted from your tax return, guess what - you're going to get hit with a $29.95 refund processing fee. That is what that fee is all about, I believe. Clearly it is better to pay the $19.95 by credit card right there and then, if you are able to.

Another point to note: if you need to file tax returns in more than one state, you will have to pay for additional software to *prepare* returns for those additional state(s) - I believe the cost is around $39.95 for each state, and that will allow up to 5 tax returns to be *prepared* (not e-filed) for each state purchased. You will still be subject to another $19.95 e-filing fee for each state return filed as well.

For the 2013 tax year, I am aware New York State are not charging an e-filing fee if your Federal AGI is under $58,000. Whether TurboTax will still charge the fee regardless I am not sure.

If this helped clarify the fee situation for you, please click YES next to the "Was this review helpful to you?" below, and maybe it will stay on top of the reviews list for others with the same questions. Any Intuit TurboTax staff reading this please comment if I've said anything incorrect here and I will amend it accordingly.
I just finished my taxes. One thing I will suggest for those having issues downloading state for extra $39.99 is to update state software, sign out of turbo tax and sign back in. State will be downloaded at no additional cost other than to e file state for $19.99. Those that claim its $19.99 plus $29.99 processing fee to e file state are not mentioning that the $29.99 processing fee is only if you want them to deduct the  $19.99 directly from your return. You can pay by credit card to e file and it will only cost $19.99, no processing fee. So my federal and state taxes are completed and both filed electronically for a total of $60.
I have read several reviews regarding the additional filing fees associated with a state tax return.  With this particular version of TurboTax the federal tax return can be e-filed for free and the state tax return can be e-filed for an additional $19.95 fee.  When setting up the e-file information you have the choice of having the $19.95 state e-filing fee deducted from your return or paid with a credit card.  If you choose to have the fee deducted from your return you are charged an additional $29.95 for using that particular feature.  If you choose to pay the state e-filing fee with a credit card you are not charged an additional $29.95.

Intuit should have described the fees and circumstances under which they are charged more clearly.  Other than that, I love TurboTax and have been using it for over a decade now.
I think that this is one of the best tax filing programs for individuals. It would be better if they included electronic filing for State Returns. As it is, you have to pay extra to file your state return electronically. The alternative is to print out your state return and mail it to your state tax center. This is still cheaper than what TurboTax charges you for electronically filing State returns but it is inconvenient and time consuming. If TurboTax would include electronic filing for State returns, I would give it 5 stars. PH 141001
Worked well. Have used Turbo Tax for years with no real complaint. Only thing I do not like .... the fee to file state tax I feel is too expensive.  Why would I pay $19.99 to file state electronically when I only get $13 back for a refund.  This may be a state charged fee (NC) but I did not see an explanation for the fee.  It only popped up after I chose to file electronically.  One free federal and one free state would be nice in Deluxe (especially when only the download (no disc) option was purchased) ... would prevent having to go back in the program to print state return for filing by mail.  Or at least show in the program earlier, an option to avoid the fee by filing federal electronically for free and printing state forms for filing by mail for free.


Topic 7:
 years 15012.23258 used 10670.17824 using 9560.78732 turbotax 6387.61857 ve 5551.47548
[ 3839 19535  1671 ... 39047 16388 39476]
How Many
42
I have used TurboTax for a number of years with excellent results.  Will continue to use TurboTax in the future
Great product!  I've used it for years now with no problems.  I always feel confident that I've covered everything when I'm finished.  I fully intend to continue using TurboTax in the future.
I've been using TurboTax for 15 to 20 years.
Was using parsons technology back in the day and started using Turbotax when it took parsons over been using Turbotax for many years with no problems.
I've used TurboTax for about 9 or 10 years now and I think it's a very solid product. I've found it very easy to use. I'd guess that I've saved at least a hundred dollars every year I've used it.


Topic 8:
 product 11256.81292 user 3714.76834 long 1508.8908 friendly 1378.47985 helpful 1090.93937
[ 5437 21771  9146 ... 31357 19826  6145]
How Many
42
Very helpful. Some technical issues which were resolved, albeit with very long waits on hold. A user for as long as the product has existed.
I have used Turbo Tax for as long as it's been on the market and have never been dissapointed.  Very user friendly and helpful.  A trustworthy product worth the price.
Words cannot explain how pleased I am to be a user of Quicken.  I am a longtime user, as long as Intuit has been around and before, of Quicken and have not, in my opinion, found anything better.  Also a long time user of Turbo Tax and have same comments.
Even my husband , who is very  software/computer/electronics challeneged was able to utilize this product and actually thinks its a great product.  I like the user friendliness and the wide array of functions this product offers.  We will upgrade this product!
My name is not Machado!

As far for the product I am a satisfied user for very long, long time.


Topic 9:
 like 7209.46125 just 6351.01416 don 4177.32603 need 3859.86399 really 3056.2361
[ 5430 31391 22532 ...  5398  1654  1653]
How Many
42
OK, its an accordion file and they supply the labels. But for folks like me who keep all their receipts and other papers in one big messy bin, this accordion file is very useful. It helps you to get all the right papers sorted out, has neat little labels, and keep the papers together. You can pull just the papers you need out of that bin for tax time, and leave the rest in the bin for later.
And getting it for free, hey, I am not complaining!
OK, its an accordion file and they supply the labels. But for folks like me who keep all their receipts and other papers in one big messy bin, this accordion file is very useful. It helps you to get all the right papers sorted out, has neat little labels, and keep the papers together. You can pull just the papers you need out of that bin for tax time, and leave the rest in the bin for later.
And getting it for free, hey, I am not complaining!
It's ok. It's ok.  It's ok.  It's ok.  It's ok.  It's ok. It's ok. Eight more words required. Ok. Ok.
Had much trouble printing the NJ return (they don't permit e-filing).  Was going in circles for the longest time.  Somehow got it to work - don't remember how but I bet I just printed them without going through the program.  Just know I was going crazy with it.
(preface: i do NOT have QB2003, i'm a user of 2001 pro, but was thinking of upgrading then after reading this, i changed my mind... too bad, anyways i'll talk about 2001)...
i love this program, learned the ins and outs of it on my own... like anything once you get used to it, for a small business, its relatively easy.  i've never used another program and am currently using pro 2001.  i don't use the payroll features because frankly they frighten me, i can understand the payroll service fees but their support is so bad that i won't go near it every time i really want too make the change over.  The other thing that bugs me is they can sit around and think of great ways to improve the program to make themselves more money, but a simple thing like adding a 'cut, copy & paste' feature to the Notepad and To Do list, seems like it will never happen.  seems like they should be concentrating more about putting out a good product and decent support system and keeping a good name for themselves for many years to come rather than nickle & diming it right now.  man i hate greed.
still would recommend quickbooks to a small business person like myself tho, especially if you were like me a few years ago and still doing everything by hand.  i guess we'll see how long the recommendation with this product will last though.


Topic 10:
 online 2911.99878 feature 1574.96345 nice 1243.44743 app 1217.61529 mobile 1126.35279
[ 6659 35010 33156 ...  8723  5671  8896]
How Many
42
3/13/14 Works well on PC & less so on iPhone 4s. Rev 7 improved functionality in register displays and interaction with imported transactions.  Particularly like IDEA of the new photograph your receipt/document with the Mobile App, BUT even with Rev 7, it DOES NOT WORK reliably...enter transaction, take photo, then exit smartly to the phone's home screen! [transaction lost :-( ] Work around is to take photo in Camera Roll, then access photo from Quicken Mobile to attach to transaction.  You can then delete the photo from Camera Roll to save space...cumbersome, but it works  Couple of problems with Mobile App: 1.  Memo line cannot be accessed on iPhone 4s because it appears too low on the screen (it was accessible on 2013);  2.  Would be nice to be able to Split expenditure Categories directly, without having to access after entering the item.
I've not been able to find any of the bugs or problems indicated during other user reviews from December 2012 time frame. The data on my phone/tablet/pc all synchronize without issues.

WHAT IT NEEDS:
If the mobile [Android] app allowed you to take pictures of your receipts. This would allow me to enter a transaction and attach my receipt to upload/synchronize with my Desktop software.

Currently I have to rely on using the Android App "Cam Scanner" to create receipt images on the go, or when home I have to use my print/scanner. If Intuit added this feature it would skip a lot of steps for their users.

Overall, very happy so far.
The feature in the new Quicken 2014 mobile app that allows you to snap and store receipts is awesome. You have to buy the Quicken 2014 desktop program to use the Quicken 2014 mobile app.  You snap a picture of your receipt with your mobile phone and it will attach itself to the associated spending entry on the Quicken mobile app.

When you sync the mobile data to the desktop data, the receipt's picture is automatically attached to the correct spending entry on the desktop program and stored in the Quicken Cloud, which can then be downloaded to your desktop.  I like to use the&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Xerox-Mobile-Wi-fi-Scanner/dp/B0070J9GOU/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Xerox Mobile Wi-fi Scanner</a>&nbsp;with my iPhone to get a really good pic of the receipt. That works in the Quicken 2014 app as well, since it will allow you to attach any picture stored on your phone to your spending entry.  It's a very efficient way to keep track of your receipts, especially for business expenditures.

This is a lot better than the&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/NeatReceipts-Mobile-Scanner-and-Digital-Filing-System-PC/dp/B001CQFRPO/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">NeatReceipts Mobile Scanner and Digital Filing System - PC</a>&nbsp;system since it is all on one app.  The Neat Receipts system requires a lot of steps and a lot of time to attach a picture of a receipt to your spending entry in Quicken.  Their mobile photo system is similar to the Quicken system in that it puts the receipt in the Neat cloud, but it also requires a rather expensive monthly subscription.

My only hesitation about Quicken 2014 is that there are very few other new features in the upgrade, so if the receipt picture feature is not important, then I'm not sure it would be worth the upgrade price, especially if you are upgrading from Quicken 2013.
I've been a Quicken user since 2001 and a lot has change. I was looking at the snapshot receipt feature and the attachment feature to the registry and was trying to decide if it was worth upgrading from 2013 and man was it worth it and I'll give you a few scenarios as to why.

First off, I don't use the auto download feature to import my transactions from my bank account. I enter all of my reoccurring bills and deposits as reminders and then I enter my purchases into my registry manually and audit my online statement. The reason why I do this is because my statement contains all kinds of useless information about each transaction that I simply do not care to look at and I feel funny about Quicken having access to my bank account information. I also use to save all of my receipts and then bag them for each year just in case of an audit.

Scenario 1: My wife goes out shopping and I'm always reminder her "Please enter you receipts into Quicken from your iPhone Quicken app as soon as possible". When she enters them in she spells the payee differently than I do on the desktop application and it's annoying when trying to run a report. Since quicken likes to remember everything you've typed it's also annoying to see Walmart spelled different ways when trying to enter a new transaction.

Solution: The snapshot receipt feature fixes this issue because all she has to do now is take a photo of the receipt and enter the amount. Afterwards, I log into the desktop application, download the transactions from the cloud, look at the receipt and update the transaction with the payee name, category and possibly add a memo. A memo isn't necessary anymore because the receipt image explains the purchase. Very simply process now and we're both happy.

Scenario 2: I receive a statement about a re-occurring bill that I already have a bill reminder in Quicken about. I scan the bill statement into my computer, save it as a PDF and wait for the bill due date to arrive. When it's time to pay the bill I go online, make the payment and then receive an online confirmation window about my payment. So I ask myself, how do I capture this payment confirmation window without saving the page and add it to the registry into Quicken?

Solution: The new Quicken 2014 allows you to save any file attachment to any recorded transaction directly into the registry. I enter my bill reminder into the registry, attach my scanned PDF statement to the registry and then I use the Windows built-in snipping tool to capture the payment confirmation window. I don't have to save the screen capture in the snipping tool application because Quicken will automatically paste anything from the clipboard (snipping tool) into your transaction, and in this case, saves it as an image file. Brilliant!!!! Now I don't have to remember to delete files from things that I've captured through the Windows snipping tool. I can also preview the attachment in Quicken because it was saved as an image file. All other files do not preview within Quicken, you have to open the file to view the content.

Another note about attaching a file into your registry transaction using the Add from clipboard feature in Quicken: If you highlight any text and hit CTRL+C (copy hot key) it pastes to the clipboard and Quicken will paste text you've CTRL+C'ed into a text file and it does this without having to save the text file. This is nice feature and I will definitely use this for emails confirming payments that have posted.

The other interesting thing I figured out is deleting any file, image etc... has no effect to the Quicken registry. If you save an image file and attach it to a registry entry it doesn't care if you've deleted the original file. Being a former DBA it would seem that it's storing it in the database, but I'm not certain of this.

You can get really crazy with Quicken like tracking compounded interest rates on loans, credit cards etc... to determine how much of your payment is going toward interest and principal......blah....blah...blah....boring financial stuff that most people don't care to know about.

In summary, this has got to be one of my favorite versions of Quicken and I'm looking forward to seeing what's in store for the future.
The remote capability is an outstanding improvement in using your smart phone to photograph a receipt and have it register both on the smart phone and PC.  It would be nice if you could see a copy of the receipts on the smart phone that were done on a scanner and save in the PC Quicken.  It would also be nice if you could print out all select receipts by selected ranges with one command.  Quicken Deluxe 2014 is the best that I have used so far, but still could use a few more improvements.


Topic 11:
 program 8375.55687 able 2668.1458 computer 1796.21678 happy 1767.94926 programs 731.56199
[ 5437  3599  3460 ... 47137 47138 45008]
How Many
42
PLEASE STOP THE AUTOSHIP PROGRAM FOR  ON THE DR SHULTZ PROGRAM. I DO NOT REMEMBER REQUESTING THAT.

I AM UNABLE TO FOLLOW THROUGH ON THE PROGRAM WHILE I AM LIVING IN A VERY CRAMPT HOME.

THAT WILL CHANGE SHORTLY, AND I WILL GET BACK ON THE PROGRAM.

TERRY McGRATH 928.750.2043
My previous computer was destroyed by lightening.  I lost all of my "programs" but my data was stored off site.  It appeared I would have to purchase a very expensive program to recover my data.  I found this version of my prgram and ordered it.  I received it in two days !!! Fastest shipping I have ever received on an item.  It works perfert and has saved me money on a more expensive program and/or hours reconstructing my information.
My previous computer was destroyed by lightening.  I lost all of my "programs" but my data was stored off site.  It appeared I would have to purchase a very expensive program to recover my data.  I found this version of my prgram and ordered it.  I received it in two days !!! Fastest shipping I have ever received on an item.  It works perfert and has saved me money on a more expensive program and/or hours reconstructing my information.
I'm not all that happy with some of the changes made in the Quicken program with regards to the register . It is not as convenient to use the various register tools as it was when I was still using Quicken 2011. The new 2014 loads very much slower as well, and it doesn't return to full screen after the program has been minimized on the desk top. After the program has been minimized, I have to use the desktop icon to bring the program back up to full screen on the desk top.
unfortunately I could not down load this program the massage on the computer I could not figure out Iam not very good at the computers
this weekend my grandson will be home from collage and he will help me. I used Turbo tax for many years and never had problem downloding it is a wonderful program. but old grandma has problem with new computer.


Topic 12:
 time 7494.56049 good 5739.68217 excellent 1640.79708 quickly 1080.74567 item 546.42767
[ 3763 19020 19019 ... 22291  3391 26866]
How Many
42
Installed this product and I love to use it. Good, Good, Good, Good, Good, Good, Good, Good, Good, Good, Good.
It was a very good price nad arrived quickly and in good condition. It is a scaled down Qucken product and it is serving the purpose but was a bit more limited than I had hoped.
The item was exactly as promised. Brand new and unopened, minus original box/packaging. Installation instructions were on the disk sleeve and there was no issue installing it. The item arrived when promised in top condition.
Excellent -  Item delivered on time, was as described
Item delivered on time, and as promised.  Very good job - thank you much.


Topic 13:
 version 10468.85544 new 5220.93457 upgrade 3797.76712 2014 2215.33192 data 1929.004
[20619 20471 29142 ...  2361  3754  3026]
How Many
42
This product is great, it organizes your finance. I like to use it when I am looking for a certain transaction, you can find it immediately. Have you ever tried to look through pages and pages of your checkbook register?

It is great at tax time also, just bring up the tax related tranactions and print it out and take it with you to get your taxes done or use it if filing your taxes yourself.

Quicken is great when a payee stated they didn't receive your payment. Just look it up on Quicken and give the payee also the details.<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Indian-Maiden-w-Wolves-Framed-Indian-Picture/dp/B0033E1K0E/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Indian Maiden w/ Wolves Framed Indian Picture</a><a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Framed-Indian-BRAVES-Picture-Native-American-Art-9-x-11-including-frame-Reproduction/dp/B0033DP1AA/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Framed Indian BRAVES Picture Native American Art 9 x 11 (including frame) Reproduction</a><a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Framed-Indian-WOLVES-Picture-Native-American-Art-9-x-11-including-frame-WOLF-Reproduction/dp/B0033DV6J0/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Framed Indian WOLVES Picture Native American Art 9 x 11 (including frame) WOLF Reproduction</a><a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Framed-Indian-EAGLES-Picture-Native-American-Art-9-x-11-including-frame-Reproduction/dp/B0033EH030/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Framed Indian EAGLES Picture Native American Art 9 x 11 (including frame) Reproduction</a>
I had read several reviews of the 2010 version and its incompatibility issues with Windows 7.  The 2011 version was touted to correct these issues.  I have had no compatibility issues with the 2011 version and made a seamless transition from my previous 2006 version.  Bottom line- Happy with the new version<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/QuickBooks-Pro-2011/dp/B003YJ5ESM/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">QuickBooks Pro 2011</a>
<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Quicken-2008-Deluxe-OLD-VERSION/dp/B000U0I11A/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Quicken 2008 Deluxe [OLD VERSION</a>]I was pleasantly suprised to find that all my old Quicken 2002 data loaded with no problem onto Quicken 2008 Delux. Well worth the price. Only negative is that it has a tendancy to freeze when backing up to a flash drive. But I find it to work very well otherwise.
<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Quicken-Deluxe-2010-Download-OLD-VERSION/dp/B002PDPIF2/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Quicken Deluxe 2010  [Download] [OLD VERSION</a>]---We have enjoyed this and have not ad any problems.
<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Quicken-2008-Deluxe/dp/B000U0I11A/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Quicken 2008 Deluxe</a>

Product continues to improve with each new version. Excellent performsnce


Topic 14:
 intuit 3402.72802 better 3354.04912 make 2613.88787 getting 1616.95311 say 1208.03279
[ 8732  2335 42544 ... 19049 19038 17440]
How Many
42
Sorry I hate those sayings but that one seems to fit at this point. After all the hoopla about the error the company made, I think it is a good idea to take a breath and reflect on (1) the quality of the software and (2) Intuit as a company. After I did, I decided to stay and continue to use TurboTax.

1. The software's quality doesn't seem to be an issue here. Most believe it is an accurate and easy way to file taxes. I was tempted to switch but didn't see the competitor software as a realistic alternative. Given that I've used TurboTax since the first year it was offered, I'm not likely to jump into using a competitor's product out of anger.

2. Intuit did do something surprising and upsetting here, but it certainly appears that they have realized their mistake and completely fixed it. How many companies admit their error and then reverse their decisions? I don't remember any previous issues, so I'm not sure why this is their second strike. Sure, I'd like the pricing to stay the same, but as I expect salary increases each year, I also expect others to do so as well in the form of higher prices for some products.
I see that isn't the issue, though. It's one of trusting the company after they tried to change the product names. I agree that they pulled a serious mistake and they have already admitted that and offered to reset everything for this year as well as future years. I don't know what else they can do to make people feel better. I'm guessing those who are responsible for this will be penalized, and the corporate world most often relieves them of duty. Who will remain? Those who had nothing to do with this decision, and who probably disagreed with the direction of things. There are lots of user-oriented people at Intuit, and their interface is quite polished. I'm not sure it's the best idea to jump ship to what others have said to be an inferior product (but I do not have experience with it).

We have actually benefited from this problem, as the pricing has not increased. Intuit has already suffered greatly from this debacle, but I don't think it's necessary to take out our vitriol on every employee in the firm. It's also short-sighted if the competitor's product is not as good. Some manager or committee made a stupid decision, and I'm sure they are already either gone or marginalized. I don't feel the need to punish the entire company because of one bone-headed leader who is probably already gone (hopefully).

So I'm sticking with TurboTax, as it has served me so well over the last few decades. Ok, Intuit, you're on notice to keep things (1) clear and straightforward and (2) working well.
I've been a Quicken user since 1999.  I upgraded to 2003 and now to 2005.  I vehemently disagree with the reviewers who give this product a very negative review.  While I agree a little with their gripes about Intuit's "greediness", Intuit has to make a living.  I LOVE that they discontinued QIF so now eveyone has to support the waaaaaay better WebConnect format.  I have a positive view of Intuit's products and I truly believe that the problem the reviewers' here have sits somewhere between the chair and the keyboard.  Go to Microsoft Money?  At least Intuit got their dominant market share without using illegal tactics.  To quote Mr T: I pity the fool who jumps ship and goes to Money.  It's like jumping from the kettle to the frying pan.  Quicken and Turbo Tax are good products, they could be better in some ways, but they perform admirably.
I've been a Quicken user since 1999.  I upgraded to 2003 and now to 2005.  I vehemently disagree with the reviewers who give this product a very negative review.  While I agree a little with their gripes about Intuit's "greediness", Intuit has to make a living.  I LOVE that they discontinued QIF so now eveyone has to support the waaaaaay better WebConnect format.  I have a positive view of Intuit's products and I truly believe that the problem the reviewers' here have sits somewhere between the chair and the keyboard.  Go to Microsoft Money?  At least Intuit got their dominant market share without using illegal tactics.  To quote Mr T: I pity the fool who jumps ship and goes to Money.  It's like jumping from the kettle to the frying pan.  Quicken and Turbo Tax are good products, they could be better in some ways, but they perform admirably.
Nothing much to say here. I have been using Intuit products for several decades now, been a beta tester for TTX for several years. I find their products easy to use, and if I hold a complaint it would exist in this arena. Over the years I am noting (and I know I am not alone here) that Intuit products are becoming more and more automated, this to a fault. I know my needs better than this company can guess what my needs are, and though there are often workarounds, it is becoming an effort to override input.
For me, this year did allright.  Intuit may be back on the track after the fiasco last year.  Clearly, 2014 was a debacle, and their image suffered a severe tarnishing.  NOTE to Intuit:  I caution you.... you darn well better watch your pricing practices, too.  There are a LOT of people who are standing ready to abandon ship if you guys return to the obnoxious fold.  Count me as one.


Topic 15:
 information 2916.38316 income 1671.32636 data 1045.12561 enter 994.10391 check 850.8618
[ 9040  8011 25894 ...  2018  9278  4738]
How Many
42
First time using TT and it was mostly painless.  However, there are bugs in handling sales of mutual funds.

1.  All of my sales were based on average costs, so purchase date was always "various" , which I dutifully entered for each one.  However, when I reviewed the forms, the 8949 form was showing a specific purchase date for 5 out of 8 sales.  I had to go back and RE-ENTER "various" for the purchase date.

2.  To make matters worse, the purchase date the program put in was the SAME as the selling date -- which makes no sense and should have raised a RED flag (even if I had accidently put in a date).  But the program ignored it.

3. Some of the sells created a small "wash sale" component which the broker showed on the form as "disallowed loss".  There seems to be a box on the step-by-step form for this correction, but when I put in a number, it was IGNORED every time.
Finally, I had to go into the actual 8949 form it had generated and put in the loss adjustments MANUALLY.

4. And even with these corrections, the final 8949 form was not completely correct.  The numbers were correct (after my manual corrections), but in column "b", there is supposed to be a code to explain the adjustment (in column g) -- in this case a "w" for "wash".  However, there seemed to be no way to enter the codes for column b in 8949.
I ended up filing it without the codes and hope the IRS isn't too picky.

Even though the program assured me it was 100% accurate, if I had not caught these errors, it would certainly have NOT been 100% accurate.

By the way, I double checked that I had all the current updates.

In handling rental property (Schedule E), the program assumes that if a given % of the property is rented, then all the expenses can be prorated by that % -- which is NOT always True.  For example, the amount of mortgage (if there is only one) can be different for the rental portion, depending on how the mortgage has been paid.
The work around was to tell it to use 100% factor and then HAND calculate the portion of each expense item for the rental part.

As a plus, it did seem to handle K-1 forms and entries correctly and also form 8582 passive loss and worksheets.
This really simplifies doing your taxes, and definitely takes the drudgery out of filling in the boxes on the forms, and adding up the numbers correctly.  Eight or nine times out of ten, the on-screen instructions will help you decide if you should include a certain expense or not for a deduction, or some other box to fill in on the forms.  Still, you have to have a pretty good understanding of what you're doing.

For example, I have a multi-unit property, and lived in one unit, while renting out the rest.  In my 2009 return, as far as I can tell, I entered a percentage of the property that was used for a rental, and then entered the expenses for the whole building.  Quicken was to take an appropriate percentage of the expenses and apply them to either the residential portion of the property, or the rental portion.  When I moved out of the unit I lived in, and started to rent the whole building, I found that the ENTIRE building was being depreciated, instead of the fraction that was being rented from 2009 until I moved.  This fraction of expenses that I entered was seemingly not applied to the depreciation calculations.  Now I have excess depreciation that I must resolve with the IRS.  I expect to pursue this issue with TurboTax, also.

This is probably a rare case, but still underscores the importance of being able to understand what's happening enough to do a sanity check on the numbers you get for your return.  I think this is the best package on the market, but if you're adding any schedule other than A to your return, you should still read the IRS instructions for the appropriate forms to understand the rationale behind how the numbers are calculated.
PROS:
-Exports to TurboTax, including expenses, income, and mileage
-Enter expenses tagged to a line item in one place, such as mileage (i.e. good for tracking mileage to Home Depot by tagging mileage to my purchase expense for that trip)
-Somewhat easy to share expenses across properties
-Saves all types of business names that a user enters, and displays them in a drop down menu for future entries
-Excellent for novice rental property owners

CONS:
-Known report printing issues (note the workaround below that I figured out)
-Somewhat cumbersome to enter line items

DETAILS~
QRPM is excellent for the novice rental property owner, and still good for a seasoned owner.  When I first bought my rental properties 4 years ago, I had an accountant complete my taxes.  I had to give him TOTAL expense and revenue figures, so I got this program to help guide me.  QRPM has all the categories for all types of expenses for tax reporting purposes, and I find it to be very helpful.  I am an extremely avid Excel user, and I had no clue which expenses should be applied to which category, and if those categories could be written off completely or partially from income taxes.

Printing Problems with Quicken Rental Property Manager 2.0 and Solution:
Printing the reports does not work properly in this version of QRPM, and according to Intuit's Support Q&A, is a known bug.  However, there is a workaround that I figured out on my own:
1. When viewing a report, click the Print button, and then select "Export to tab separated value file."
2. QRPM then gives the option to save the text/data to a Notepad (.txt) file to save.
3. After saving, open the .txt file and copy/paste the data to Excel
4.  Print the report from Excel, after adjusting the column widths a little bit.
(You'd think the folks at Intuit would have added it as a suggested workaround for this print problem on their Support Q&A section.)

When entering line items, one has to select Enter Expense or Enter Rent, and pop-up screen shows for changing and/or entering the date, the $ amount, the category, mileage, etc.  It's a little cumbersome to someone like me who is used to Excel, where it is easy to use the keyboard for navigating around a spreadsheet, rather than clicking here and clicking there for entries.  However, if you want the enter the same item multiple times (such as entering all rent or all Home Depot expenses for the year at once), QRPM can easily copy the previous entry with minor adjustments needed.

The Shared Expenses option is helpful if you own more than one property.  It manages and splits the data as you input it.  My only complaint is the same about it being a little cumbersome.

Because my accountant literally doubled his fees from $250 to $500 a couple of years ago, and he uses tax software for data entry (with most of the work already done by me), I decided to use TurboTax instead.  I was so happy to discover that exporting data from QRPM to TurboTax is easy.

Using QRPM and TurboTax has saved me so much money, even when I opt to pay extra for a TurboTax accountant to review my return plus the tax audit insurance.  Until H&R Block's TaxCut (which is even less expensive than TurboTax) can import from QRPM or H&R Block creates a cheaper and better program than QRPM, I am sticking with QRPM and TurboTax.

SUMMARY~
All in all, I am very happy with QRPM and give it 4 out of 5.  If there were no printing problems and it was a little less cumbersome, I would have given it all 5 stars.  Because I figured out the printing workaround, I deduct 0.5 points from my score (which would have been a -1 without the workaround).  I would deduct another -1 for the somewhat cumbersome data entry, but add back +0.5 for the ease of entering similar data multiple times.
Works great.
There are a couple complaints I have, though:
1) Merging the history files of my wife and I upon our marriage was not possible when filing jointly; not even a summary table was provided of each others accumulated data.  We had to elect one of us as the baseline and go back through the others returns over years to capture carry-over data and enter it manually.  Depending on your tax history, the effort can be taxing (pun intended).  Examples of such impacts are: re-establishing rental property depreciation start and accumulated depreciation, investment loss carry-over, IRA basis, etc.
2) More complicated forms are not supported, such as IRS form 3115 used for catching up unreported rental property depreciation, are not included.  But you can insert the line 25 output of this form into TurboTax.
Otherwise an easy to use great product.
If your eyes glaze over and you breakout in hives whenever you get near an IRS publication then TurboTax is for you. Our tax situation is complicated by securities transactions involving capital gains, dividends, interest and retirement income.. TurboTax reduces the hocus-pocus involved in reporting these transactions to simply importing the data from most of our financial institutions. The most difficult part of tax return preparation for us then is rounding up documentation for items that cannot be imported: estimated tax payments, interest received from smaller banks and foreign income. TurboTax also tracks our IRA RMD distributions from year to year so there is no need to input that information manually. Filing our taxes became so much easier since we began using TurboTax that I am generally pleased with it. I do wish Intuit would revise the program so it would retain all information entered during the preparation cycle; presently, a review of some entries requires me to re-input certain information such as income recipient(s) and whether or not an entry requires additional information. I generally review our returns several times over a matter of days to catch errors so the need to answer the same questions over and over gets tiresome.


Topic 16:
 quicken 15874.75921 mac 3672.00262 accounts 3163.3969 money 2358.49133 account 2167.43228
[ 4830 33740 33156 ... 10903 11101 21925]
How Many
42
Quicken Essentials for Mac takes all the work out of watching my finances. I can easily update the information from my three financial institutions and the reports feature allows me to view all the data from my financial institutions as a whole. I created my own hierarchial category list and the categories enter easily when I create a new transaction. Entering credit or debit amounts never gets mixed up due to failure to insert a minus sign since the minus sign is automatically entered depending on where the amount is entered, on the left or the right. The scheduled transactions allow me to project future cash flow. I simply scan ahead on the balance column to see where things might get tight and then I can cut back on spending. I use a lot of automatic deposits and automatic payments on my bank accounts or credit cards to pay bills and the scheduled transactions keep track of it all for me automatically. Gone are the days of trying to keep a checkbook up-to-date when entries are missing; the automatic downloads from my financial institutions keep track it all. I don't keep up a checkbook register and even though I have duplicate checks, I rarely look at them since a copy of the check is available online at my financial institution. I can access the check copy online and update that information in the Quicken transaction. Reconciling bank statements is a breeze. I go online to my financial institutions to confirm the balance of each account and enter the balance in Quicken and click a button to compare downloaded transactions checkmarked as cleared. Like I said, I no longer spend a lot of time and frustration watching my finances with Quicken Essentials.
I have been using Quicken since the early 90's and therefore have a large history that I wanted to keep. I made the switch to Mac a couple of years ago and was unable to find a financial program that would allow me to keep my history and complete the things that I wanted to track, and therefore I have been continuing to run Quicken for Windows 2013 using Parallels on my Mac. It is SUPER SLOW!

Finally, QM 2015 is here! This program does mostly what I want. I was part of the beta team and am very happy with the stability of the final product.

The conversion process worked well except my larger primary checking and credit card which have a very large history. I was able to track down the specific errors and get my QM 2015 in line with my QW 2013 in about 30 minutes. All my other accounts, to include my investment accounts converted seamlessly! You must install the conversion utility on your Windows machine/partition and convert from there. Then import the converted file over to your Mac.

The interface is much cleaner than QW. I actually like it and found QW packed with a lot of features I never used. I want to track my money and know how much I really have, not what I have in this moment. This is where there are still some shortcomings. The Account Bar on the left only shows the current balance, not the projected balance. To see that, you must go to the individual account and select Projected Balance on the top right.

Downloads seem to work with all my institutions the same as with QW 2013. Be careful. Some banking shows differently than in QW. My children's Youth Spending accounts have a different bank name than my bank, which was not the case in QW. There was a learning curve to match up downloaded transactions with scheduled transactions. In QW 2013, there is a separate window that shows all your downloaded transactions and you can manually match them and accept them with your register. In QM 2015, the downloaded transactions show up directly in your register. If they have a matching scheduled transaction, you must find it in your register and drag the two together depending on which one you want to maintain the name.

The register is also different from QW. You can right click on the columns to choose what you want to display. I have not found a way to default all registers to how I want it displayed so you must tailor each account to your liking. For example, I like having Reconcile, and Transfer columns which are not in the default column display, so I must right click and choose these for each of my accounts. Reconciling is easy and intuitive.

I have not worked much with reports or budgets yet. I do really like the default page that shows a graph chart showing spending and performance.

All and all, it is a good start. The Quicken for Mac team has plans to continually add features throughout the year. My biggest wish is to have Projected Balances show on the Accounts Bar to show how much I actually have. I will continue to run my QW and QM for a month or so to make sure that they are staying the same, but so far I am happy with QM 2015 and will be upgrading the stars to 5 once I am happy with the added features.
I am new to Mac, so I converted from Quicken for Windows over to Quicken for Mac -- so, I'm expecting a learning curve while I continue to improve my Mac-ese.  However, there is one small change that is driving me nuts and creating a LOT of extra manual calculation while balancing to my online bank balance. Knowing that my most recent transactions do not figure into what my bank "knows", in the old version of Quicken, all I had to do was sort by Reconciled/Cleared status. When I performed this sort, a secondary date sort was preserved, newest to oldest.  So, all I had to do was glance at the running balance right next to the last cleared transaction, ignoring all uncleared transactions, and it would match to my online bank balance. Then I could look up to the un-cleared to transactions to quickly scan for any duplicates that required deleting, which occurred quite often.  Now, in Quicken for Mac, sorting by Reconciled status has 2 problems -- the running balance column disappears, making it impossible to compare with my online bank balance, AND the secondary date sort switches from oldest to newest, so I'm faced with data from 1997 which is useless.  This means that to be sure my online bank balance agrees with my cleared transactions, I have to manually subtract each uncleared transaction from the balance Quicken shows. Pain in the tush.
Well, I finally made the switch from MS Money Premium to Quicken Premier 2011 and to my surprise it wasn't that bad. I searched to see what other MS Money users were doing about giving up MS Money, found some web sites that offered potential solutions, but nothing I found was going to give me what I had with MS Money - all my accounts in one place. Quicken was my only option. Unfortunately, after reading the reviews about Quicken I wasn't excited about moving to Quicken. I kept waiting and hoping someone would find a better solution for us MS Money users but it got to the point where I couldn't wait any longer, especially with the online services going away. I confirmed with my bank that they supported Quicken 2011 (unfortunately with a $9.95 monthly charge for bill pay through Quicken), purchased the package from Amazon, and installed it as soon as it arrived. Since I read all the bad reviews about the problems Money users had importing their data into Quicken, I thought I would skip the import and create all my accounts manually. During this time I struggled trying to learn Quicken. Things just aren't as intuitive as they were in MS Money. At times I was ready to throw quicken out the window because I couldn't figure out how do to what I thought were simple tasks. However, since I had no other option I hung in there and finally started to learn quicken. About this time is when it hit me that there was no way I was going to manually create all my accounts, enter the data, and get back to where I was in MS Money; at least not in my lifetime. That's when I decided to create a new quicken file and try to import my Money data. To my surprise, Quicken did a pretty good job in importing my data. All my accounts were created (investment, bank, and others), categories were imported, securities were all there, links between accounts were all there, and even my Bills Summary (Reminders in Quicken) where there. Don't get me wrong, there were some things that I had to manually fix but some of these problems might have been because my Money file was a bit corrupted. I should have ran the File | Repair Money File in MS Money before I did the import. In any case, there was hope at this point that this was going to work out.

One thing different in Quicken was how it handles Investment accounts. In Money, an Investment account had a Cash Transactions and an Investment Transactions area. Quicken separated these into two accounts - a Bank account and an Investment account. The bank account had all the Cash transactions from Money and the Investment account had all the investment transactions. Quicken automatically linked the two accounts so it worked similar to Money. I wasn't enamored with this functionality because my account list pretty much doubled. However, I found that I can unlink the accounts. When you unlink the accounts, Quicken moves all the data from the bank account into the investment account and deletes the bank account. Unfortunately, now my cash transactions are mixed with my investment transactions but so far it's not so bad. I unlinked all my accounts without a single problem. Now my Quicken accounts list looks like my Money accounts list. I'm guessing I can add the link back and Quicken will create a bank account and move all my cash transactions to the bank account.

Setting up accounts to download data was really simple. In fact, I think this worked better in Quicken than it did in Money. Unfortunately, Bill Pay is a different story. The whole Bill Pay and Reminders, and how they relate, is very confusing. I was able to finally get them set up but I couldn't explain it to save my life. This was much easier in Money.

I haven't played much with the reporting capabilities other than to run a couple of reports. They were quickly generated and looked good. Other than that, I couldn't tell you much.

Overall, I'm reluctantly satisfied. Why reluctantly? I'm not sure other than I'm still pissed with MS for abandoning Money. I really loved that package! As I work with Quicken I'm sure I'll find more things I like and dislike about the product. Over the years, I had my ups and downs with MS Money (version upgrade problems, file conversion problems, etc). I struggled through those and I'll struggle through the Quicken upgrades. Hopefully, Quicken won't abandon its product any time soon.
"TRACK YOUR FINANCES
Track.
Sort your expenses by date, amount, payee or category ---
like "groceries" or "charities."

Find out quickly how much you spend on dining,
entertainment,
essentials and more.

Balance.
Balance your checkbook on minutes.
Quicken does the math,
so records are moe accurate.

Stay on top of it all with automatic downloads from credit cards,
checking and savings accounts.

Budget.
Create a budget quickly and easily.
Quicken helps you set a budget that works.

Pay bills on time and avoid late fees when you pay directly from Quicken."
[from tha back of box]


Topic 17:
 taxes 9106.90431 makes 2628.49427 easier 2545.87598 doing 2462.40839 help 1755.22217
[19199  3431  9040 ...  6715 36039 34055]
How Many
42
Always great. Takes the headache out of doing your taxes. If I can use it, you can too. You'll save a lot of money by doing your own taxes and you'll know where you're money is going!
I saved myself a TON (a literal TON) of money on doing my taxes this year doing it using TurboTax.
I was very apprehensive on doing them myself but going to a brick and mortor service was just a ridiculously high price. The process of downloading the software was easy, purchasing multiple states was easy, walking through the process was detailed but straight forward and submitting them was easy. I will never go back to person assisted taxes after using this software!
It's likely cheaper to use the TurboTax software as opposed to hiring a professional to do your taxes. If your taxes are not too complicated (not a business owner), then you can definitely use this software even if you have no idea about taxes. Their friendly UI will walk you through your taxes step-by-step and takes about an hour or two to get through all the questions. You will learn a lot about your taxes by going through the process and filing them will only get easier year after year.
There is nothing better if you have a business.  Answer questions that are asked in simple english.  The questions will also clue you in to possible spending that is deductable.  Four fifteen minute sessions should get it done if you have been organized.  Then sit and watch as it takes that data and digests it and spits it out into all of the endless documents required by federal and state.
Intuit has made doing your taxes too freakin easy.  I mean, doing your taxes should be a tortuous and painful exercise.  That way we would hate the process altogether and abolish taxes.


Topic 18:
 software 9852.3191 best 2875.27982 personal 1543.35024 needs 1503.61717 basic 1095.27713
[12827  3022  3175 ... 25726 27972 24155]
How Many
42
YOUR requirement for a minimum number of words in this review is STUPID!!!  STUPID, STUPID, STUPID, STUPID, STUPID, STUPID, STUPID!!!
YOUR requirement for a minimum number of words in this review is STUPID!!!  STUPID, STUPID, STUPID, STUPID, STUPID, STUPID, STUPID!!!
Met my needs. Don't understand why I have to say something with ten words, stupid stupid stupid
 stupid stupid stupid
Item met my expectations fully.  This is the very best tax preperation software on the market, and I purchase it every year.
I thinks it's the best on the market,but,needs improvement. The 1099B section does not satisfy my requirements. Very confusing & can lead to bottom line inaccuracy.


Topic 19:
 works 3940.77957 worked 2599.37032 needed 2065.03319 fine 1666.98497 expected 971.9117
[20983  5821  2115 ... 19219  6059 32901]
How Many
42
Works as advertised, nothing special just works.  Works as advertised nothing special just works like advertised so that is all.
This soft ware worked well.  Got here in a fair amount of time.  This soft ware worked well.  Got here in a fair amount of time.
Worked just fine. Exactly as expected.
The product delivered by Tony's Music box (Turbo Tax Premier 2007) arrived very quickly, was exactly the product listed on Amazon.com and
worked perfectly.  No trouble at all! I would definitely buy through Tony's Music Box again.
The product delivered by Tony's Music box (Turbo Tax Premier 2007) arrived very quickly, was exactly the product listed on Amazon.com and
worked perfectly.  No trouble at all! I would definitely buy through Tony's Music Box again.


Topic 20:
 business 6058.20488 quickbooks 5509.22362 small 2297.8463 accounting 1774.71047 payroll 1761.78449
[ 5437  5731 26079 ...  1785  1777 38145]
How Many
42
As the owner of a small business that also consults with other small business owners in the recreational industry.  I have found that QuickBooks Pro is the single most powerful tool that a small business owner can own.

The ability to truly manage your day-to-day cash flow, committed costs and profits Truely empowers a small business owner.
I have been using QuickBooks Pro since 1998 and have used it for three small businesses. Its functions are intuitive and more than adequate for my needs.
QuickBooks is the market leader in small business accounting packages. I am amazed at its diverse clientele. I have seen it being used in tractor supply stores, doctor's offices, computer consultants, non-profits, and many others. Someone is probably already using QuickBooks in a business like yours. If at all possible get a book specific to your industry or ask your accountant how to setup your accounting so that it is effective and efficient.
I am writing this review at this time because I am purchasing a copy of QuickBooks for our local Habitat for Humanity affiliate. Most of the affiliates in the US already use QuickBooks. The national office has already written up procedures for setting up QuickBooks to manage the local affiliate's accounting. The combination of existing procedures, several volunteers with QuickBooks experience, and some additional functionality over Peachtree has made a compelling argument for the affiliate to change over to QuickBooks.
I have been using QuickBooks Pro since 1998 and have used it for three small businesses. Its functions are intuitive and more than adequate for my needs.
QuickBooks is the market leader in small business accounting packages. I am amazed at its diverse clientele. I have seen it being used in tractor supply stores, doctor's offices, computer consultants, non-profits, and many others. Someone is probably already using QuickBooks in a business like yours. If at all possible get a book specific to your industry or ask your accountant how to setup your accounting so that it is effective and efficient.
I am writing this review at this time because I am purchasing a copy of QuickBooks for our local Habitat for Humanity affiliate. Most of the affiliates in the US already use QuickBooks. The national office has already written up procedures for setting up QuickBooks to manage the local affiliate's accounting. The combination of existing procedures, several volunteers with QuickBooks experience, and some additional functionality over Peachtree has made a compelling argument for the affiliate to change over to QuickBooks.
Quickbooks Payroll Service is ideal for small business applications.  I use it for 3-employees at a local cemetery in conjunction with Quickbooks for bookkeeping.  Everything is easily accessible, service is user-friendly and extremely cost effective for the small business owner.  For persons starting a small business and considering paying for an outside payroll service, Quickbooks Standard Payroll (or the service) is highly recommended as a cost-effective service as well as an educational tool for training personnel in payroll/human resources aspects.  I've used Quickbooks in a construction business and that's why when asked what software to purchase for the bookkeeping & payroll for a local cemetery, I immediately suggested Quickbooks.

Thanks for making my job easier with Quickbooks Pro 2006 & Standard Payroll Subscription.
QuickBooks Pro is a great accounting program for small businesses at an affordable price. QuickBooks Premier provides additional features and specialized reports.  QuickBooks is very easy to use once the program is set up for your business. By setting the preferences and customizing QuickBooks, you can tailor it to work for your business--the way you operate. With over 100 reports available, you have more information to monitor your business results, manage accounts receivable, control expenses, and much more! Having good, timely accounting information can help you make better business decisions and be more profitable! Help is readily available with over 40,000 ProAdvisors across the United States. In addition, technology has made remote support and training readily available. With over 85% market share, you're sure to find someone who can help you if you have questions.

Michelle L. Long, CPA, MBA
Author of:&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Successful-QuickBooks-Consulting-The-Comprehensive-Guide-to-Starting-and-Growing-a-QuickBooks-Consulting-Business/dp/1434810690/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Successful QuickBooks Consulting: The Comprehensive Guide to Starting and Growing a QuickBooks Consulting Business</a>
Advanced Certified QuickBooks ProAdvisor
Member of Intuit Certified Trainer Network


Topic 21:
 problem 2321.34387 update 2188.58327 issues 1825.41671 support 1656.24915 file 1612.1776
[44933  5425 25937 ...  4657 10440 28729]
How Many
42
Not sure why people have been having issues, but this digital download installed and worked flawlessly on my iMac (20-inch Early 2008) running Snow Leopard (10.6.8) in 32 bit mode.  The processor is an Intel Core Duo and I have 4 GB of RAM installed.

When I go to the black Apple at the top-right side of the screen, click on it, select "About This Mac", click the "More Info" button, Apple's System Profiler application launches.  On the left-side of the System Profiler window, I select "Software".  The "64-bit Kernel and Extensions" line on the right of the window reads "No", so I know I'm in 32 bit mode.

I'm very satisfied with this year's TurboTax Deluxe for Mac and would not hesitate recommending it to others.

If you want to be really safe, you may want to go to Apple's knowledge-base to see if your computer is CAPABLE of booting in 64 bit mode.  You can find the article on Apple's website at the following URL:[...] . Also, if you test yourself to see if your Mac running Snow Leopard will boot in 64 bit mode, just restart the computer and hold down the "6" and "4" buttons until you get to your Finder/desktop.  If you follow the steps from my second paragraph above, the "64-bit Kernel and Extensions" line on the right of the window will read "Yes", if you are booted I'm in 64 bit mode.  If the Mac you own DOES NOT use the 64-bit kernel by default in Mac OS X v10.6, then the next time you restart your Mac, it will boot back up in 32 bit mode.  If your Mac uses the 64-bit kernel by default, you can start up with the 32-bit kernel by holding the 3 and 2 keys during startup.

Again, I downloaded, installed and used this copy of TurboTax Deluxe in 32 bit on my iMac (20-inch Early 2008) Core 2 Duo without any problems at all.

Hope this helps some confused shoppers!
I have exactly the same issue as described by Mr. Dennis Klemenz.

Download and install gave no issues. (Windows 7). Imported information from 2012 return - no issues.

Program crushes randomly, I'm not able to pinpoint specific button click or page. One time it happened during entering dependent info, several times when entering business expenses.

PC freezes and reboots.

I hope to have the same resolution provided by Turbo Tax. Will post review as soon as I hear from them.

Update 2/12:  Got on chat with TT rep. They recognized the issue as video card driver. I have installed later driver (just FYI, i had nvidia 331.82 (installed 11/24//2013) and downloaded 332.21 (latest)), and apparently it has fixed the crash issue. I've been using TT last couple of days without any issues.

Here are the exact instructions from TT rep:

Your first step should be to update your video drivers by visiting your computer manufacturer's website.

If that doesn't resolve the issue for you, try each of these workarounds, one at a time, until the problem goes away:

*Disable (turn off) hardware acceleration:
1. Click the Windows Start button and choose Run.
2. Type desk.cpl and then press Enter.
3. On the Settings tab, click Advanced.
4. On the Troubleshoot tab, move the Hardware acceleration slider all the way to the left (None).
5. Click OK twice.
*Update Java or download the latest version.
*Change your Regional Language Settings:
1. Click the Windows Start button, choose Control Panel then double-click the Regional and Language Options icon.
2. Click the Languages tab.
3. Click the Details button, and then click the Advanced tab.
4. Select the Turn off advanced text services checkbox and then click OK.
*Install TurboTax on a different computer and then move your tax return file to that computer.
TurboTax 2011 Deluxe will install Microsoft .Net Framework 4.0 if it is not already installed.  This information os based on an install on Windows XP with Service Pack 3:

Summary: If using Microsoft Security Essentials, TURN IT OFF before allowing TurboTax to install Microsoft .Net Framework 4.0 to avoid the following problem:

Details of what happened during install:
1) TurboTax Deluxe 2011 tried installing Microsoft .Net Framework 4.0 but encountered an unspecified error (Microsoft Security Essentials was running),

2) After the error, it started on a 4 step process to try to correct the error, and this process ran for at least 15 minutes,

3) however, the process did not succeed and returned an error message to that effect.  There was also a link to get more information on the error.  When clicking on that link, it opened a "Solution Notification Signup" page on Intuit's site saying that they currently do not have a solution to the error that was encountered, prompting for your name, email and phone number in order to be notified when they do have a solution,

4) I decided to skip that and restart the PC and try the install again,

5) On rebooting and re-startup, I received an error box for "Microsoft Security Client" with an error code (0X80040154).  I checked and found that Microsoft Security Essentials was not running after this reboot and error,

6) I restarted the TurboTax Deluxe 2011 install, and this time, the Microsoft .Net Framework 4.0 install completed successfully (fairly quickly), and after that the remainder of the TurboTax Deluxe 2011 install completed without any errors,

7) Before running the TurboTax Deluxe 2011 Updates, I reopened Microsoft Security Essentials from the start menu (I did not have to reinstall the program), and it restarted without any problems,

8) just to be sure, I rebooted the PC again, this time Microsoft Security Essentials opened and ran normally, and I then reopened the TurboTax Deluxe 2011 program, and updated and ran the program without any problems.

If any further problems develop, I will post an update to this review.  This might also happen with other antivirus security programs, but I am not able to check or verify that.
I was hesitant to purchase based on some of the posted messages about issues with downloading and running on Windows 7 OS.
I went ahead anyway and downloaded the software.  I had no issues with download or install.  Upon clicking the icon on the desktop to start turbotax, the initial splash screen would open, but the software would not run after that point.  This was easily solved by searching out the turbotax.exe file and right clicking and adjusting the compatibility to run in Windows XP SP3 mode and to run as an administrator.  No issues since.
It took 10 minutes to download the installer, download the product and install the product (Emachines - Celeron, 1GB, WinXP, Broadband cable).
Product runs great.
Always be mindful when reading reviews with complaints about download issues or software performance that the issue is often not the download site or the software (hardware, connection speed, other processes running, etc all contribute to the experience).
Download - ran download through IE with no issues, running Norton antivirus with no issues.  Disabling a firewall when downloading a product is not unusual.
Product performance - My system setup (above) has no issues running the software.  The splash screen will display during startup while the software searches for updates, so the length of time the splash screen shows is dependent on many factors, one of which is the internet connection.  If you experience what feels like a hang, disable the automatic update.  Without the auto update turned on TT started within 10 seconds on my Celeron system.
So I highly recommend the software, but if you do anything on the internet you should have a broadband connection.  Dial-up is no longer an option with the amount of data that needs to be transferred, even with simple web surfing, especially as sites become more and more graphics intensive.
